[Music]
for Daniel Larusso is this the only fool
you guys got the future seemed far from
terrific this place is a dump
you should go back to New Jersey hey I
know it's hard but we're not quite as
are we until he met the right girl
[Music]
then in one man he found a teacher I
promise teach karate and a friend
fighting always bastards first time
power old buddy yeah make a perfect
picture if come from me inside you
always write on this one about the
parents not just karate a person for
life
white drink
points or no points you're dead meat I
don't have much of a cheering section he
got me in the end it will be daniel-san
ease his body
[Music]
and most of all in his mind remember
fellas no mercy Columbia Pictures
presents the Karate Kid
hey what kind of build you up canvas hey
JC penney 290
[Music]